In our model, 200 sensory and motor neurons are wired to 20 sensory features (2 amphids, 6 inner labial sensilla, 6 outer labial sensilla, 2 deirid sensilla, 2 postdeirid sensilla, 2 phasmids), 95 body wall muscles, and one representative muscle for the vulva and anus, respectively. The identity of sensory neurons and the locations of their corresponding sensory organs are based on diagrams of amphids, phasmids, and putative touch sensors from this atlas. A neuron is assumed to make a single connection to a given sensory organ.

The position of each muscle is defined as the midpoint between anterior and posterior extremities of the sarcomere region (White et al, 1986, Dixon and Roy, 2005), projected onto the AP axis; see example in Figure 3. Neuron-to-muscle connections for the first 32 muscles in the head are detailed by White et al, 1986. For the remaining muscles, direct neuron-to-muscle mapping is not available. In this case, we assume that motor neurons connect to muscles where positions of neuromuscular junctions overlap the sarcomere region of a given muscle. Dixon and Roy, 2005 have shown that muscle arms from muscle cells in the mid-body do not appear to reach beyond the sarcomere region of each cell. Since more than one muscle can overlap the NMJ region of a single neuron, we approximate the number of connections to each muscle by taking the total number of NMJ's made by a given neuron, divided by the number of muscles overlapping the NMJ region. For neurons lacking complete reconstruction, especially ones on the dorsal side of the worm, the number of neuron-to-muscle connections is assumed to be the average NMJ per muscle from fully reconstructed neurons of the same class. The last three body muscles in tail of the worm do not overlap with NMJ regions. The connections to these muscles are assigned to the posterior-most motor neurons in the ventral and dorsal cords. Labels are as follows:

Neuron: Neuron name
Landmark: Description of structure to which a neuron is connected (Sensory=sensory organ; SensoryNB=sensory organ with neurite currently unclassified as axon or dendrite (such as AVM); MANAL=anal muscle, MVULVA=vulva muscle; MDR/L#=dorsal body wall muscle on right/left side, numbered from anterior to posterior; MVR/L#=ventral body wall muscle on right/left side numbered from anterior to posterior.
Landmark Position: position of structure (along A-P axis) to which a neuron must extend to be connected. For sensors that span the length of the worm, such as ALM and PLM, position is represented by the midpoint of neuron’s sensory process. A single point located at the vulva represents the vulva muscles. A single point located at the anus represents the enteric muscles.
Weight: Number of connections to the landmark (NMJ’s have been extrapolated for neurons with incomplete reconstruction, see above) .
