We constructed a matrix of "relatedness" between neurons expressed in terms of distances using published embryonic and post-embryonic lineage trees (Sulston and Horvitz, 1977; Sulston et al, 1983). “Relatedness” between two neurons is found by first identifying the last common progenitor cell. Then, for each cell, we count the number of cell divisions from the common ancestor where each division is defined as a single unit in length. The lineage distance is the total number of cell divisions leading to the two neurons with the initial division from the common progenitor counted only once. 279 non-pharyngeal neurons are included in the analysis (Along with CANL/R, VC6 was omitted since it only makes one NMJ). Post-embryonic blast cells are mapped back to the embryonic lineage such that all cells can be traced to the anterior daughter of the fertilized egg P0. In cases where variability has been noted in the left-right pair of post-embryonic cells, we assigned the precursors to what is most often observed in experiment (Sulston and Horvitz, 1977). Specifically, blast cell P1 is assigned to the right and P2 is assigned to the left. Cells that appear to be random in left/right division have been arbitrarily assigned such that P3, P5, P7, P9 are right and P4, P6, P8, P10 are left. AVFR has been assumed to come from P1.aaa and AVFL from W.aaa. Ambiguities of post-embryonic P cells affect mostly ventral cord motor neurons.
Labels are as follows (due to length of the file, lineage data has been separated into 2 files; Lineage_Part1.csv and Lineage_Part2.csv);

Neuron 1: Neuron 1 name
Neuron 2: Neuron 2 name
Relatedness: Number of cell divisions separating Neuron 1 and Neuron 2 as described above
